c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\HelloWindsor.exe.config
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\HelloWindsor.exe
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\HelloWindsor.pdb
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\obj\Debug\HelloWindsor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\obj\Debug\HelloWindsor.exe
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\obj\Debug\HelloWindsor.pdb
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Facilities.Logging.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Services.Logging.NLogIntegration.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.WindsorAdapter.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Castle.Facilities.Logging.xml
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.WindsorAdapter.pdb
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\qdai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWindsor\HelloWindsor\bin\Debug\nlog.config
